Updates for upload description (#552)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/files/big_file_upload_configuration.adoc

----
10MB x 25 users = 250MB required temp space
----

> * The user's upload directory, usually in `<datadirectory>/<username>/uploads` (see xref:configuration/server/config_sample_php_parameters.html#define-the-directory-where-user-files-are-stored[Sample Config PHP Parameters]) also has to be big enough. The formula is a bit different, as this directory collects all chunks of a file for that upload for that user until the upload is completed. The space needed for this directory is temporarily the same size as for the final file size. As an example, if a user wants to upload a 4GB file, temporarily 4GB of space needs to be available in the upload directory to hold the chunks. When the upload has finished, all chunks are written to the final destination and the chunks are deleted afterwards freeing that temp space. In a nutshell: The upload directory's temp space formula for all users is `temp_space = concurrent_uploads * average_upload_size_per_user`. The upload directory's location can be defined with `dav.chunk_base_dir` (see xref:configuration/server/config_sample_php_parameters.html#define-the-dav-chunk-base-directory[Sample Config PHP Parameters]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The user's upload directory, usually in `<datadirectory>/<username>/uploads` (see xref:configuration/server/config_sample_php_parameters.adoc#define-the-directory-where-user-files-are-stored[Sample Config PHP Parameters] for details) also has to be big enough. The formula is a bit different, as this directory collects all chunks of a file for that upload for that user until the upload is completed. The space needed for this directory is temporarily the same size as for the final file size. As an example, if a user wants to upload a 4GB file, temporarily 4GB of space needs to be available in the upload directory to hold the chunks. When the upload has finished, all chunks are written to the final destination and the chunks are deleted afterwards freeing that temporary space. The formula for the upload directory's temp space for all users is: `temp_space = concurrent_uploads * average_upload_size_per_user`. The location of the upload directory can be defined via the config setting xref:configuration/server/config_sample_php_parameters.adoc#define-the-dav-chunk-base-directory[dav.chunk_base_dir].
```
